                                           AGGREMENT

PAYMENTS:
Payment will be made by Customer within 15 days upon receipt of an invoice. 
In the event there is a delay in payment for more than 5 days from the due date, 
the Customer shall be liable to pay an interest of 1.5% per month or maximum 
permitted by applicable law, whichever is less, on the delayed payments from the 
due date of payment.Consultant shall be relieved of its obligations under this 
Agreement in the event of non-payment of the Fees or expenses due and shall retain 
the rights in the Services for which the amount is outstanding. Consultant will 
provide the Hardware and Software stated in Annexure – 01, as part of its standard 
package if required while providing the offshore Services from Consultant’s locations 
in India. Contractor’s relationship with Company is that of an independent contractor 
and nothing in this Agreement will be construed to create a joint partnership, joint 
venture, agency, or employer-employee relationship.

APPROVAL PROCESS:
Customer will have seven (7) days following receipt of the Services or Deliverable 
(“Acceptance Period”) to complete acceptance tests as per acceptance criteria agreed 
in the SOW (“Acceptance Criteria”). If no notice of non-conformance to Acceptance 
Criteria is reported during Acceptance Period, Deliverables or Services are deemed 
accepted by the Customer.

WARRIENTIES:
Except as expressly stated in this Agreement, the parties disclaim all warranties of 
any kind, implied, statutory, or in any communication between them, including without
limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, title, and
fitness for a particular purpose.

TERMINATION:
Either party may terminate the Agreement upon sixty (60) days’ notice to the other 
party. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately if the other party 
breaches the terms of this Agreement and the breach remain uncured for 30 days from 
the date of receipt of notice. In case of termination, the Consultant shall be paid 
for the Services provided on a pro-rata basis.

ENTIRE AGGREMENT:
This Agreement shall constitute the complete agreement between the parties respecting 
the subject matter. This Agreement may not be extended, amended, terminated, or 
superseded except by agreement in writing between the parties. This Agreement 
supersedes all previous agreements between the Consultant and the Customer, whether 
oral or written, regarding subject matter hereof, standard terms and conditions of a 
purchase order or an invoice or any similar document whether hosted on party’s 
website or otherwise, shall be ineffective. There are no intended third party 
beneficiaries to this Agreement. Each Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts (including scanned copies), all of which when signed and taken together 
constitute a single agreement between the parties.


